Iniya magalir dhina nal vaazthukal Paapa! 

You're full of inspiration to me. The most strongest woman I've ever seen in my life. I can't even imagine to go through at least half of the things
what you've gone through in your life. You carried huge responsibility of supporting the family financially in the very young age and you did it so well.
There was an another big responibility of rising up Pavi when you lost your mom and you proved that you can only be the best motherly figure to her. And still
you doing it wonderfully even after marriage. You were holding on to God so strongly though you faced lot of challenging times. How come a woman can't be very strong,
matured, bold, emotionally stable seeing all of these in their life. I'm feeling so much proud of you da paapa for whom you are!

And the way you handling me in our marriage, helping me to grow better as a man, as a husband is so encouraging for me. You lead, contribute to our marriage at
different perspectives and I'd have stumbled without your presence of mind and decisions made during those tough times in our marriage. You're the best teacher to me.
You taught me how I should be giving, loving the hard people in our lives, what it means to forgive others, how to love God and his people. Thanks for those valuable
teachings da ammu! 

Only you as a WOMAN can play this much of different roles and bring impact to the people around you. I'm glad God has gifted you as my beautiful wife and I could be benefited
from them. Continue to inspire me and others by carrying the same womanly characters you have. God bless you more chello! Happy women's day!








Happy women's day sisters! It's always encouraging to see all of you whenever I come to the ministry. You guys add a lot of meaning to our ministry. I really look up to
you all for the Godly values you carry in your lives. Continue to inspire us through your love for God. Have an amazing day feeling happy about being a woman as it is not 
easy. I wish and pray that God continue build all your womanly charcaters and useful to build his kingdom. God bless you all!

